Hello, i am Guido From Football Tricks Online
and i will teach you the following trick !
As you see, this trick it´s visually very attractive
Look very good when performed
It´s basically for street football
but if you fully dominate this, you can perform even in 11 a side
and clearly in Futsal
Step 1 is to flick the ball up with a special technique
which is the following
as you see...
in the example
we did this...
that will be the first step
we have a step by step tutorial on how to perform this flick
really detailed tutorial, so i will leave you it on screen
you can click on it or find the link in the video description
but dont worry, i will still teach it in a basic way now
But if you want all the details and tips, go watch the tutorial
So lets start
with you NON-Dominant foot
go over the ball and place it next to it
like this
With you Dominant foot, simply pressure the ball
versus your NON-Dominant
With the outside part of you Dominant
like this...
we need to have good grip of the ball
both feet and the ball have to make a horizontal line
dont leave your foot a bit back or a bit forward
basically make a horizontal line
If you want to learn this step very good, as i said before...
go watch the tutorial in description and it will explain step by step with tips
to finish step one, simply flick the ball up
rolling it versus your NON-Dominant leg
like that...
step 1 all together...
step 2 is very basic
once the ball is in the air just hit it with you NON-Dominant
for the ball to go over your opponent
like this...
For the ball to go over the opponent correctly and effectively
keep in mind the following
if i perform the trick facing the opponent
As in a real game situation
what will happen is...
when we perform the trick and flick the ball up
the ball will be to your side
and as you hit it it will go in the wrong direction!!
so we dont want that, we want the ball to go over the opponent
So to do this trick correctly
try to end in a sideway position
So when performed, ball will go over the opponent
So when facing opponent try to end in a sideway position
to the flick up
and hit it with your toes
and correctly make the ball go over him
like this...
face him and go sideways a bit
then perform
over him
this trick is better done with no movement
but if you practice a lot you can also do it at medium speed
as shown in the example
speed can be managed
you need practice to find the perfect speed
where you feel more confortable performing the trick effectively
practice fast and if you fail a lot lower the speed
to find the perfect speed
keep in mind we hit the ball with the NON-Dominant foot
so yeah, its you "NON-Dominant"
which you dont control as good as your Dominant
so as you hit the ball, sometimes it might not go straight over the opponent
because you dont have much practice on kicking with NON-Dominant
so you wont have maximum control at first to go cleanly over the opponent
but with some practice you will get better at it
Last point and important!
as you hit it, watch your power too
try to use a power where the ball goes over fast and not high
because if it goes too high
the ball will take longer to come down
and opponent will have time for receiving or covering you
so make it a quick hit and not so high to then sprint
i hope you enjoyed the tutorial
dont forget to hit the like button because it really helps
comment any doubts you got
You can subscribe to us, we upload Tuesdays and Thursdays
Please follow us on social networks on screen and description
and see you next time !